Use "handler" terminology consistently (#10627)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/learning/migrate-to-module-workers.md

A Worker written in Service Worker syntax consists of two parts:

> 1.  An event listener that listens for `fetch` events

Author: ```suggestion
1.  An event listener that listens for `FetchEvents`
```

2.  An event handler that returns a [Response](/workers/runtime-apis/response/) object which is passed to the event’s `.respondWith()` method.

> When a request is received on one of Cloudflare’s global network servers for a URL matching a Workers script, it passes the request to the Workers runtime. This dispatches a `FetchEvent` in the [isolate](/workers/learning/how-workers-works/#isolates) where the script is running.

Reviewer: On line 249, the sentence was changed to "`fetch` events" and the rest of the text in this comment and this section before the "### Supported..." section still says "`FetchEvent`". I am assuming this might be intentional but commenting to confirm.

1.  An event listener for the `FetchEvent` tells the script to listen for any request coming to your Worker. The event handler is passed the `event` object, which includes `event.request`, a [`Request`](/workers/runtime-apis/request/) object which is a representation of the HTTP request that triggered the `FetchEvent`.

> 2.  The call to `.respondWith()` lets the Workers runtime intercept the request in order to send back a custom response (in this example, the plain text “Hello worker!”).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  The call to `.respondWith()` lets the Workers runtime intercept the request in order to send back a custom response (in this example, the plain text `'Hello worker!'`).
```

Learn more about [the lifecycle methods of the `fetch()` handler](/workers/runtime-apis/handlers/fetch/#lifecycle-methods).

### Supported `FetchEvent` properties

{{<definitions>}}

- `event.type` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}}

  - The type of event. This will always return `"fetch"`.

- `event.request` {{<type-link href="/runtime-apis/request">}}Request{{</type-link>}}

  - The incoming HTTP request.

- {{<code>}}event.respondWith(response{{<type-link href="/runtime-apis/response">}}Response{{</type-link>}}|<span style="margin-left:-6px">{{<param-type>}}Promise{{</param-type>}}</span>){{</code>}} : {{<type>}}void{{</type>}}

  - Refer to [`respondWith`](#respondwith).

- {{<code>}}event.waitUntil(promise{{<param-type>}}Promise{{</param-type>}}){{</code>}} : {{<type>}}void{{</type>}}

  - Refer to [`waitUntil`](#waituntil).

- {{<code>}}event.passThroughOnException(){{</code>}} : {{<type>}}void{{</type>}}

  - Refer to [`passThroughOnException`](#passthroughonexception).

{{</definitions>}}

### `respondWith`

Intercepts the request and allows the Worker to send a custom response.

> If a `fetch` event handler does not call `respondWith`, the runtime delivers the event to the next registered `fetch` event handler. In other words, while not recommended, this means it is possible to add multiple `"fetch"` event handlers within a Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `fetch` event handler does not call `respondWith`, the runtime delivers the event to the next registered `fetch` event handler. In other words, while not recommended, this means it is possible to add multiple `fetch` event handlers within a Worker.
```

  // Otherwise, respond with something
  event.respondWith(handler(event));
});
```

### `waitUntil`

The `waitUntil` command extends the lifetime of the `"fetch"` event. It accepts a `Promise`-based task which the Workers runtime will execute before the handler terminates but without blocking the response. For example, this is ideal for [caching responses](/workers/runtime-apis/cache/#put) or handling logging.

With the Service Worker format, `waitUntil` is available within the `event` because it is a native `FetchEvent` property.

With the ES modules format, `waitUntil` is moved and available on the `context` parameter object.

```js
---
filename: service-worker.js
---
// Format: Service Worker
addEventListener('fetch', event => {
  event.respondWith(handler(event));
});

async function handler(event) {
  // Forward / Proxy original request
  let res = await fetch(event.request);

  // Add custom header(s)
  res = new Response(res.body, res);
  res.headers.set('x-foo', 'bar');

  // Cache the response
  // NOTE: Does NOT block / wait
  event.waitUntil(caches.default.put(event.request, res.clone()));

  // Done
  return res;
}
```

### `passThroughOnException`

> The `passThroughOnException` method prevents a runtime error response when the Worker script throws an unhandled exception. Instead, the script will [fail open](https://community.microfocus.com/cyberres/b/sws-22/posts/security-fundamentals-part-1-fail-open-vs-fail-closed), which will proxy the request to the origin server as though the Worker was never invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `passThroughOnException` method prevents a runtime error response when the Worker throws an unhandled exception. Instead, the script will [fail open](https://community.microfocus.com/cyberres/b/sws-22/posts/security-fundamentals-part-1-fail-open-vs-fail-closed), which will proxy the request to the origin server as though the Worker was never invoked.
```
